Privately connect your datacenter with a network link directly to your VPC in an AWS region--AWS Direct Connect
Customer select a Direct Connect dedicated physical connection to accelerate network transfers between their datacenters and ours.
AWS Direct Connect lets you establish a dedicated network connection between your network and one of the AWS Direct Connect locations. 


Connect existing on-premises applications to cloud storage. -- Storage Gateway
 - for files stored as objects in Amazon S3.   File Gateway
 - for tape backups.    Tape Gateway
 - for block volumes.   Volume Gateway
 A gateway sits on-premises and links your environment to the AWS cloud. It's an ideal solution for 
 hybrid scenarios where some storage is needed locally for performance or compliance reasons, but some may be offloaded to S3.
 
 
 Read and write data to Amazon S3 over long geographic distances -- Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
 Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration makes public Internet transfers to Amazon S3 faster. 
 
 
 Collect and ingest multiple streaming data sources --- Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
 Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose is the easiest way to load streaming data into AWS. 
 It can capture and automatically load streaming data into Amazon S3 and Amazon Redshift, enabling near real-time analytics with existing business 
 intelligence tools and dashboards you’re already using today. 
 
 
Physically transport petabytes of data in batches to the cloud --- AWS Snowball
Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transport solution that uses secure appliances to transfer large amounts of data into and out of AWS. 

Physically transport petabytes of data in an appliance with on-board storage and compute capabilities --- AWS Snowball Edge
Snowball Edge is a petabyte-scale data transfer device with on-board storage and compute capabilities. 

Migrate tens of petabytes to exabytes of data in batches to the cloud -- AWS Snowmobile
Snowmobile is an exabyte-scale data transport solution that uses a secure semi 40-foot shipping container to transfer large amounts of data into and out of AWS. 


Migrate databases to AWS quickly and securely, with minimal downtime -- AWS Database Migration Service


Enforce Compliance on Glacier using Vault Lock(you can use API)
Vault Lock Controls--Timer based Retention,Undeleteble or "both"
Implement control using IAM policies

