Connecting to VPC:
 Two ways: Internet Gateway---------------> Router---> router Table--->Network ACL---->security Group---->Subnet(Instance)
           Virtual Private Gateway--------> Router---> router Table--->Network ACL---->security Group---->Subnet(Instance)
           
           
Network ACL's are stateless.(You can blick specific IP addresses on ACL's --Allow Rules/Deny Rules)
Security Groups are Statefull

In a VPC, we can:
  Assign Custom IP address ranges in subnet
  configure route tables between Subnets
  we can also have Subnet Access control lists
 
 1 or more subnets - 1 availability zone
 
Default VPC--All subnets in a default VPC will have route out to the Internet
           --Each Ec2 Isntance has a public and private IP address.

Route tables can be configured to communicate between two Subnets via IPV4 & IPV6

When you create a VPC,a default route table,NACL(Allows Inbound and Outbound Traffic), and defaut Security group is created, it won't create subnets or default 
internet gateway. Security Groups can't span VPC's

When creating a NAT instance(Ec2), Disable Source/destination Check on the instance.NAT instance must be in Public Subnet.There
must be route of  Private Subnet inorder to access Internet.

NAT Gateways help the private Subnets to reach the Internet without being Public(Software Updates).
1 NAT Gateway in 1 AZ. Starts with 5GBPS throughput. Not associated with Security Groups. No need to Disable Source/destination Checks.
SPOF.(Create NAT Gateway in each AZ and configure routing)

By default Custom NACL's denies inbound and outbound traffic until you add rules.

Atleast two Subnets required for configuring a Load Balancer.

VPC flowlogs can be sent to either Cloudwatch logs or S3 bucket.
You cannot  enable flow logs of VPC that are peered with other VPC's unless the other VPC is in same account.
AWS DNS traffic is not monitored(only own DNS Server traffic is monitored), DHCP is not monitored.

Gateway Endpoints support currently DynamoDB and S3


